---
layout: post
title: Warframe 15.16.2 - Other Patch Notes
category: warframe
---

{% include JB/setup %}

# New Items

* PRISMA ORTHOS - The blades on this Orthos are fashioned from an alloy that compresses Prisma crystals into a hardened Oxium steel. The fusion of these two rare materials condenses moisture near the blade, causing a faint, spectral mist to cascade along the edge.
* NEXUS FUR PATTERN (Void Trader skin) - A unique fur pattern for your Kubrow.
* TIGROL FUR PATTERN - A striped fur pattern for your Kubrow.
* New Kubrow colours - PERRIN BLUE, VAYKOR WHITE, RAKTA RED, RHINO BROWN, RHINO BROWN, MIRAGE RED
* VOLT PRIME ACCESS PACK
* VOLT PRIME ACCESSORIES PACK

<!--more-->

# Sanctuary - Dialogue

* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalStart0010Smrs": "I have selected a new specimen for Sanctuary. It is time for you and your kind to hunt again. Knowledge will be your reward."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalStart0020Smrs": "The Sanctuary must grow. It must preserve. It must endure. Hunt this being for me and I will enlighten you."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalStart0030Smrs": "Cast off your ignorant veil, Tenno. Collect your arms, your allies, and hunt this creature for me. I will reward you, should you perform Synthesis."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalProgress0010Smrs": "Behold the proof that the Tenno are excellent hunters. But I do need more specimens to construct the 'ideal' for Sanctuary."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalProgress0020Smrs": "Sanctuary awaits this being. Continue with the Synthesis so I may fashion the exemplar for this digital oasis."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalProgress0030Smrs": "Do not disappoint me, hunter! Do your part and I'll do mine. I require more Synthesis of this being. Sanctuary depends on your actions."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalProgress0040Smrs": "Our mission is to preserve these beings of substance, immortalize them. It is not a trivial task."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalComplete0010Smrs": "Patience, hunter. I must set my mind to condensing your collected specimens into the Exemplar. Only this single template of perfection will live forever within Sanctuary."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalComplete0020Smrs": "Hunter, please leave me to my work. I am filtering through the material you provided. I will honor our arrangement after I have formulated the archetype from these specimens."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancGlblGoalComplete0030Smrs": "Soon, Hunter. Soon I will impart the wisdom you've earned. For now you must not disturb me in the final stages. These samples must be mixed and compressed. Only the perfect aggregate will be immortalized in Sanctuary."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancPsnlGoalActivation0010Smrs": "Knowledge must be earned, Tenno. I will share what I know but you must prove yourself deserving. Hunt this creature for me, perform Synthesis and you will be enlightened."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancPsnlGoalComplete0010Smrs": "You are a worthy hunter, Tenno. I will share what I know of this being should you visit me in the Sanctuary."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancPsnlGoalComplete0020Smrs": "Well done, Hunter! See my in Sanctuary and I will share some of my secrets with you."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrNear0010Smrs": "Tenno, I am detecting a Synthesis target. Use the Synthesis scanner to track the creature."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrNear0020Smrs": "The hunt is on, Tenno. The Synthesis scanner is detecting a potential target. Use it Search for traces of the target."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrNear0030Smrs": "There is a Sanctuary target here, hunter! I sense it. Track it with the Synthesis scanner, don't let it escape."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrFound0010Smrs": "That's it! It will be a perfect specimen. Trap it and break down its defenses so you can Synthesize it for me."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrFound0020Smrs": "Alright hunter, now you must wear it down before performing Synthesis, but be careful! A dead specimen is of no use to me."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrFound0030Smrs": "There it is, ripe for Synthesis! Tame this creature so you may perform the Synthesis I require."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrKilled0010Smrs": "No-no-no NO! You've wasted this specimen. Was I wrong to entrust Synthesis to you?"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrKilled0020Smrs": "Disappointing. A dead specimen is useless to Sanctuary. Are not up to this task?"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrKilled0030Smrs": "What have you done? Synthesis only works on the living! Can you control your murderous impulses for the good of Sanctuary?"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrKilled0040Smrs": "You weaken it to perform Synthesis. Killing goes to far! Have I been unclear?"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrWeak0010Smrs": "Excellent, hunter! Quickly, perform the Synthesis!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrWeak0020Smrs": "You've done it! The specimen is ready for Synthesis!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrWeak0030Smrs": "Tenno, do not damage it further! Use the Synthesis device!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrScan0010Smrs": "I have it, thank you! Continue this hunt, Tenno, and enlightenment will follow."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrScan0020Smrs": "You impress me hunter. This specimen will be studied for integration into Sanctuary. Thank you."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrScan0030Smrs": "An excellent specimen, hunter. This will advance Sanctuary's goal of preservation."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DSancCrtrScan0040Smrs": "Good! I have received the Synthesis. You are an efficient hunter."


# Conclave Syndicate

## Conclave Exclusive Locations

* "/Lotus/Language/Game/ConclaveSyndicateRequired": "You must be initiated with the Conclave Syndicate to access this location."


## Dialogue

* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvIntro0010Teshin": "The Lotus seduced the Tenno. Lead them on a complacent path like Oxen. I failed the Orokin but I will preserve what remains. The Tenno. Cast off your harness and become a pupil of the Conclave. Through trial combat, I will prepare you for the evils beyond the Outer Terminus. A warrior only grows if they face the ultimate enemy. Themselves."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvIntro0020Teshin": "While you slept, I wandered the long path. I searched for a true balance, a challenge to meet my own. Now, through the beacon of the relays I have returned, only to find my fellow warriors herded like sheep. I too was like you, lost and confused. I had forgotten The Conclave and when the darkness came I was not prepared. Once more the darkness comes, will you be ready? Accept its teachings and the Conclave will be your teacher. I am merely its humble guide. Through its crucible you may forge true strength. By walking it's path you may gain true balance."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvWelcome0010Teshin": "Welcome pupil. You are a sapling, growing under moonshade. The battlefield your garden. Tenno blood, your water. Now you must grow."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvNewRnkAvbl0010Teshin": "My pupil, the next summit awaits. Are ready to make the climb?"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvNewRnkAchd0010Teshin": "Your growth honors the Conclave. But be warned, pupil. The highest leaves attract the tallest predators."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvLvd0010Teshin": "Well met, Master. You bring honor… and fear, to the Conclave."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvOpnRepStr0010Teshin": "Those who brave the thorn may eat the rare fruit."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvOpnRepStr0020Teshin": "These offerings honor your suffering and practice."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvOpnRepStr0030Teshin": "You seek power, you pay in blood."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvPchsRepStr0010Teshin": "May it bring you honor, pupil."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvPchsRepStr0020Teshin": "Use it well, as you walk the harder path."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCnclvPchsRepStr0030Teshin": "Very good, pupil."


# Other Things of Note

* Previously extracted placeholder augments have had their names replaced with their official names.
* New alert descriptions: Grineer Treasury Ship Located, Corpus Treasury Ship Located
* PvP loadouts are restricted by syndicate titles.

*You already used your \|SLOTS\| loadout slots. You can get an extra slot for every title gained with the \|SYND\| syndicate.*


# Other Dialogue

* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFIntro0010Teshin": "In times of war, knowledge is the brightest blade. Capture your enemy's Cephalon while defending your own."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFIntro0020Teshin": "Without intelligence a vast enemy can be scattered. Defend your team's Cephalon. Capture the enemy's."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFIntro0030Teshin": "Awareness and calculation are the tools of warfare. Capture your opponent's Cephalon. Protect your own."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFSunSpawn0010Teshin": "Team SUN!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFMoonSpawn0010Teshin": "Team MOON!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephTkn0010Teshin": "Sun Cephalon taken."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephTkn0020Teshin": "Moon Cephalon taken."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephDrop0010Teshin": "Sun Cephalon dropped."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephDrop0020Teshin": "Moon Cephalon dropped."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCphRtn0010Teshin": "Sun Cephalon returned."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCphRtn0020Teshin": "Moon Cephalon returned."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephCptrd0010Teshin": "Sun Cephalon captured. Point Moon!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephCptrd0011Teshin": "Point Sun!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephCptrd0020Teshin": "Moon Cephalon captured. Point Sun!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCephCptrd0021Teshin": "Point Moon!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFPrdSts0010Teshin": "Sun is in the lead."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFPrdSts0020Teshin": "Moon is in the lead."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFPrdSts0030Teshin": "The game is tied."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFOneCptrLft0010Teshin": "Sun is one point from victory."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFOneCptrLft0020Teshin": "Moon is one point from victory."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFTieBrkr0010Teshin": "Next point wins the match."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0010Teshin": "One minute remains."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0020Teshin": "Thirty seconds remain."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0030Teshin": "Ten seconds remain!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0040Teshin": "Five."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0050Teshin": "Four."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0060Teshin": "Three."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0070Teshin": "Two."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFCntDwn0080Teshin": "One."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFOvrTm0010Teshin": "Overtime. The next point wins the match."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFOvrTmKill0010Teshin": "Overtime. The next kill wins the match."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctrySun0010Teshin": "Sun has won the match."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctrySun0020Teshin": "Sun's light has burned the Moon's shadow away."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctrySun0030Teshin": "The fires of the Sun has turned the Moon to ash."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctrySun0040Teshin": "Moon was torn apart by Sun's furious light."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctryMoon0010Teshin": "Moon has won the match."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctryMoon0020Teshin": "Moon's surging tide washes away the Sun."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctryMoon0030Teshin": "The near Moon eclipses the far Sun."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVctryMoon0040Teshin": "The oceans of Moon have extinguished the Sun."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVictory0010Teshin": "Well done my pupils. You honor our warrior tradition with your performance."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVictory0020Teshin": "Well earned, pupil. You fought with discipline and honor."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVictory0030Teshin": "With this victory your strength and reputation grows."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVictory0040Teshin": "Your enemies will remember this day with humiliation."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFVictory0050Teshin": "You impress me, pupil. You are on your way to higher Mastery."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFLoss0010Teshin": "This defeat is a lesson. Consider your mistakes. Study your enemy's movements. Grow from this moment on."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFLoss0020Teshin": "Failure teaches us more than victory. Reflect on your movements and summon a greater resolve."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFLoss0030Teshin": "The path to mastery has many setbacks. It is the true masters who remain unfaltering in their journey."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFLoss0040Teshin": "The enemy is but a mountain. With each fall you test its surface, learning the footholds needed to reach the summit."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFTie0010Teshin": "The match ends in a draw."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFTie0020Teshin": "A stalemate between Sun and Moon."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DCTFTie0030Teshin": "A deadlock between the Moon and Sun."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0010VayHek": "You? Have you come for revenge, insects? Take a deep breath first! Look Brothers! The insects have come looking for revenge. There is only one way to deal with insects... FUMIGATION!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0020VayHek": "Grineer! Crush those Tenno like I crushed their relays."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0030VayHek": "What? They're using the Energy Conduits against the toxin generator. Stop them!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0040VayHek": "They must not generate anymore Energy Conduits!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0050VayHek": "Stop them, stop them, STOP THEM NOW!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0060VayHek": "Take a deep breath Tenno, you don't have many left."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0070VayHek": "You cannot afford further delay, destroy the generators."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0080VayHek": "Brothers! Fear not the toxin will only bring you glory."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0090VayHek": "Live like insects, die like insects! "
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0100VayHek": "Tick tock, tick tock, TICK TOCK TENNO."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0110VayHek": "Grineer, behold the Tenno. Choking on their own arrogance!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0120VayHek": "Such a large struggle. Such a small victory. "
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0130VayHek": "Grineer, protect the other generators. "
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0140VayHek": "Imbeciles! Why can't you stop them?!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0150VayHek": "This is far far from over!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnOne0160Lotus": " Can you read me? It looks like you were able to defeat the toxin. Excellent work. We've got him on the run. Chase him down and deliver Tenno justice."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0010VayHek": "Insects taking orders from their Lotus.  Let us see how hard their shells are."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0020Lotus": "I have never encountered a security system like this. Tenno, you need to figure out a way to open that door."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0030VayHek": "Your only ally is failure. FAILURE!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0040VayHek": "Poor Tenno. No Lotus to think for you."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0050VayHek": "This is the force you send to defeat me, Lotus? "
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0060Lotus": "A Balor Fomorian Core! We can use this to draw out Vay Hek. Make sure it reaches extraction."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0070Lotus": "Protect this core, Tenno. There is much we can glean from how the Balor Fomorians are powered."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0080VayHek": "Tenno. So obedient. Doctor Tengus could learn so much from your insides... So I've brought his creations to extract them.  "
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0090Lotus": "The Grustrag Three must be eliminated if we are to extract this core."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnTwo0100Lotus": "The core will help greatly in de-fending against future Fomorian attacks, but we must return to our purpose. Hek has retreated to Phobos. Track him down."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0010Lotus": "Tenno, I've detected a strange atmospheric anomaly. It's of Grineer origin and may confer resistances on them. Proceed with caution."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0020Lotus": "Tenno I have bad news. There are reports of a Balor Fomorian in the system."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0030VayHek": "Now...You...JOIN THEM!!!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0040VayHek": "Stay together insects! So I can crush you all."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0050VayHek": "Now you learn the lesson of failed revenge."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0060VayHek": "This...  This is the best that you can do? Pathetic!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0070VayHek": "Fire the Cannon!!!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0080VayHek": "FRY THEM!!!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0090Lotus": "Tenno, they're setting coordinates for another Fomorian strike!"
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0100Lotus": "Nothing can replace the relays we lost, but you have made a statement to the system. Tenno avenge their dead."
* "/Lotus/Language/Subtitles/DMsnThree0110VayHek": "You have restored balance to the system - the actions of Vay Hek against the Tenno have been reconciled thanks to your skill and dedication, Tenno."